docs/resources/group.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bastion_group Resource - bastion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Bastion group
---

# bastion_group (Resource)

Manages a Bastion group

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bastion_group" "example" {
  group             = "kryptonians"
  owner             = "bastionadmin"
  key_algo          = "ed25519"
  mfa_required      = "totp"
  idle_lock_timeout = "2h"
  idle_kill_timeout = "6h"
  guest_ttl_limit   = "7d"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` (String) The name of the Bastion group
- `owner` (String) The owner of the Bastion group. Changing this will transfer ownership to the new account.

### Optional

- `guest_ttl_limit` (Number) Maximum TTL (time to live) for guest accesses in seconds.
- `idle_kill_timeout` (Number) Idle kill timeout in seconds. After this duration of inactivity, the session will be terminated.
- `idle_lock_timeout` (Number) Idle lock timeout in seconds. After this duration of inactivity, the session will be locked.
- `key_algo` (String) The SSH key algorithm for the group's initial key. Valid values: ed25519, rsa2048, rsa4096, rsa8192, ecdsa256, ecdsa384, ecdsa521. Defaults to ed25519. This value is only used during creation and cannot be changed afterward.
- `mfa_required` (String) MFA policy for the group. Valid values: password, totp, any, none. If not specified, the group's current setting is preserved.

### Read-Only

- `aclkeepers` (List of String) The ACL keepers of the Bastion group
- `gatekeepers` (List of String) The gatekeepers of the Bastion group
- `members` (List of String) The members of the Bastion group
- `owners` (List of String) The owners of the Bastion group

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import bastion_group.example kryptonians
```

Commit message:

feat: add try-personal-keys option for groups

docs/resources/group.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bastion_group Resource - bastion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Bastion group
---

# bastion_group (Resource)

Manages a Bastion group

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bastion_group" "example" {
  group             = "kryptonians"
  owner             = "bastionadmin"
  key_algo          = "ed25519"
  mfa_required      = "totp"
  idle_lock_timeout = "2h"
  idle_kill_timeout = "6h"
  guest_ttl_limit   = "7d"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` (String) The name of the Bastion group
- `owner` (String) The owner of the Bastion group. Changing this will transfer ownership to the new account.

### Optional

- `guest_ttl_limit` (Number) Maximum TTL (time to live) for guest accesses in seconds.
- `idle_kill_timeout` (Number) Idle kill timeout in seconds. After this duration of inactivity, the session will be terminated.
- `idle_lock_timeout` (Number) Idle lock timeout in seconds. After this duration of inactivity, the session will be locked.
- `key_algo` (String) The SSH key algorithm for the group's initial key. Valid values: ed25519, rsa2048, rsa4096, rsa8192, ecdsa256, ecdsa384, ecdsa521. Defaults to ed25519. This value is only used during creation and cannot be changed afterward.
- `mfa_required` (String) MFA policy for the group. Valid values: password, totp, any, none. If not specified, the group's current setting is preserved.
- `try_personal_keys` (String) Whether to try personal keys for group members. Valid values: yes, no. If not specified, .

### Read-Only

- `aclkeepers` (List of String) The ACL keepers of the Bastion group
- `gatekeepers` (List of String) The gatekeepers of the Bastion group
- `members` (List of String) The members of the Bastion group
- `owners` (List of String) The owners of the Bastion group

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import bastion_group.example kryptonians
```
